docs: modify README.md about new props (#164) (#178)
modern-agile-team/dev-portfolio: README.md

| props | type | description | default | note |
| - | - | - | - | - |
| `id` | string | Name to be added to Sidebar | | See <a href="#guidelines-to-input-icons">Guideline</a> to add icon |

> | `textAlign` | string | Intro text align	style. You can choose one of the themes such as 'left' and 'center'. | 'left' | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `textAlign` | string | Intro text align style. You can choose one of the themes such as `'left'` and `'center'`. | 'left' | |
```

| `description` | string | Description Text | description| |
| `redirectURL` | string | URL to redirect | /| |

> | `textRisingSpeed` | number | | 300 |

Reviewer: 이거 뭔지 몰라서 description 안넣은건데 너가 만들었으니까 너가 넣어줘. 난 봐도 모르겠음!

> | `isTextRising` | boolean | | false |

Reviewer: 이거 뭔지 몰라서 description 안넣은건데 너가 만들었으니까 너가 넣어줘. 난 봐도 모르겠음!

| props | type| description | default | note |
| - | - | - | - | - |
| `id` | string | Name to be added to Sidebar | |  See <a href="#guidelines-to-input-icons">Guideline</a> to add icon |

> | `backgroundColor` | string | Contact Background Color | whitesmoke |
> | `title` | string | Main title text of your contacts | Hello, my name is DEV_PORTFOLIO |
> | `titleColor` | string | Title color style | black | |
> | `subTitle` | string | Sub title text | If you're interested in me, please press the button below :D  |
> | `subTitleColor` | string | Sub title text color style | black | |
> | `email` | string | Your Email | abc@dev-portfolio.com |
> | `buttonText`| string | Text of button that function as a link to your email | Want to work with me? |
> | `buttonTextColor` | string | Button text color style | white | |
> | `buttonBorderColor` | string | Button border color style | black | | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `backgroundColor` | string | Contact Background Color | `'whitesmoke'` | |
| `title` | string | Main title text of your contacts | `'Hello, my name is DEV_PORTFOLIO'` | |
| `titleColor` | string | Title color style | `'black'` | |
| `subTitle` | string | Sub title text | `'If you're interested in me, please press the button below :D'`  | |
| `subTitleColor` | string | Sub title text color style | `'black'` | |
| `email` | string | Your Email | `'abc@dev-portfolio.com'` | |
| `buttonText`| string | Text of button that function as a link to your email | `'Want to work with me?'` | |
| `buttonTextColor` | string | Button text color style | `'white'` | |
| `buttonBorderColor` | string | Button border color style | `'black'` | | 
```
